I'm just talking about things
I didn't think of kicking you out of the house.
Then I will also give a solution.
Just apologize
Even if you kowtow and apologize, we will recognize it.
What else do you want?
Let Grandpa kick Xiaoli out of the house too?
Shut up!
Xiaoli is my most beloved son
He is also the future heir of the Jiang family
This thing
So far.
This is the end of the matter.
What about the bone marrow?
It's not the eldest sister, what do you mean?
Could it be that you suspect that the bone marrow was not donated by me?
Xiao Cai didn't steal anything
Instead, you framed him
It's your character that's at fault
So the bone marrow thing I have reason to believe
It was Xiao Cai who donated the bone marrow
And you
You are lying!
Dad's attending doctor, Dr. Zhao, has already testified
I donated the bone marrow
Are you still holding on to it?
Don't you know?
Dr. Zhao was arrested for social reasons
Obviously it was because he received someone else's red envelope.
cheat for others
You are siblings
You have to pay attention to evidence when you talk to him, right?
Which eye did you see that I gave the red envelope?
I didn't say you.
What are you so excited about?